### `HoneypotParser`
___
The HoneypotParser class is used to parse honeypot log files and extract relevant information. It takes in a filepath parameter specifying the log file to be parsed, and an optional outpath parameter specifying the file to save the extracted labels to. The class has the following attributes:

- `outpath`: The file path to save the extracted labels to.
- `logs`: A list of log entries as dictionaries.

It also has the following methods:

- `load_log_file(filepath)`: Loads the log file and returns a list of log entries as dictionaries.
- `extract_labels()`: Extracts relevant labels from the log entries.
- `save_labels(labels)`: Saves the extracted labels to a file.

This provides a concise overview of the class and its functionality, without going into too much detail. You can further customize the summary based on the needs of your project's documentation.


### `TannerParser`
___

The TannerParser class is a subclass of HoneypotParser that is specifically designed for parsing log files generated by the Tanner honeypot. It implements specific logic for extracting labels related to crawlers and zombie-log4j attacks from the log data. 

#### Examples
```python
from label_extractor import TannerParser

extractor = TannerParser(input_file, output_file)
extractor.extract_labels()
```


### `L4Parser`
___

The L4Parser class is a subclass of HoneypotParser that is designed for parsing honeypot log files generated at layer 4. It implements specific logic for extracting labels related to spammers and zombie-mirai attacks from the log data.

#### Examples
```python
from label_extractor import L4Parser

extractor = L4Parser(input_file, output_file)
extractor.extract_labels()
```

### `DionaeaParser`
___

The DionaeaParser class is used for parsing and extracting labels from Dionaea log data. It implements specific logic for extracting labels related to bruteforcers and exploiters attacks from the log data.


#### Examples
```python
from label_extractor import DionaeaParser

extractor = DionaeaParser(input_file, output_file)
extractor.extract_labels()
```

### `CowrieParser`
___

The CowrieParser class is used for parsing and extracting labels from Cowrie log data. It implements specific logic for extracting labels related to bruteforcers and exploiters attacks from the log data.

#### Examples
```python
from label_extractor import DionaeaParser

extractor = DionaeaParser(input_file, output_file)
extractor.extract_labels()
```